1. One of the following is not from the course objectives in GE 211:
A) Problem Solving.
B) Teach you mechanical, civil, and electrical engineering subject.
C) Self-Regulation.
D) Communication.
E) Working Cooperatively and Collaboratively.
B

2. If you got an NI grade in the quiz, you should do:
A) Quiz correction assignment.
B) Retake the quiz back every time.
C) Submitted journal that meet expectation.
D) Quiz Make-up assignment.
A

3. Which term of the First-Day Material has the same meaning as (is synonymous with) slip, slight error, little mistake, fault, oversight, omission, or a trifling offense?
A) laboratory
B) active learning
C) lapse
D) concept
E) engineering journal
C

4. The Quizzes in GE 211 require you to recall material from the assigned reading and define technical terms and list criteria.
A) True
B) False
A

5. All of the following is TRUE for the GE 211 course, except:
A) It focuses on the process of how to solve problems.
B) It is an introductory engineering course, required by all engineering students
C) Its main goal is to introduce students to the Engineering Method.
D) It consists of two parts or sessions: Concepts and Modeling.
E) It develops knowledge that is useful for latter courses.
D

6. One of the valid assessments of a work product in GE 211 is:
A) Extremely Weak.
B) Good.
C) Submit work.
D) No Significant Expectations.
E) No Submittal (Not Submitted).
E

7. Your grade in concepts is a function of the number of exceeds you get, the number of NI’s, NCE’s, or NS’s around at the end of the semester, as well as the number of Self-Regulation Lapses you have accumulated during the semester.
A) True
B) False
A

8. A student who accumulates zero defects in both sessions (concepts and laboratory) gets a minimum course grade of:
A) B
B) C+
C) B+
D) A+
E) A
C

9. A student who accumulates zero defects in one session (concepts or laboratory) and one defect in the other session gets a course grade of:
A) B or B+
B) B+ or A
C) C or C+
D) A or A+
E) C+ or B
A

10. The situations that a student may fail in the course include but are not limited, except one statement:
A) Accumulates FIVE defects or more in one of the course sessions (whatever the grade of the other course session).
B) Violation of QU-Academic-Integrity policy (with a recommendation from the course professors’ council).
C) Not attending and practicing the celebration on its scheduled and announced time.
D) Having a grade of F in both sessions of the course.
E) Eating in the classroom or not attending a lecture.
E

11. All the following statements about 'defects' are 'TRUE' except one statement:
A) Defects have no impact on a session grade.
B) Defects may accumulate due to affective problems (Self-Regulation issues).
C) Defects have no impact session grade.
D) Defects may accumulate due to cognitive problems.
E) Defects are cumulative.
A

12. All written material (Journals, Quiz Make-ups, Quiz Corrections, Tutorial Materials, and Defect Removal) will be every time assessed using checklists.
A) True
B) False
A

13. Which of the following are NOT TRUE for an Engineering Journal?
A) It must reveal your understanding and thinking.
B) It helps you reflect on the concepts in each assigned reading.
C) It usually helps you to get more Exs and fewer NIs.
D) It can be resubmitted if it is assessed as NI.
E) It is mandatory if you receive a quiz grade of NCE.
D

14. Which of the following is not considered as Disruptive behavior in class?
A) side conversations.
B) working on material for other courses.
C) failure to appropriately respond to the " focus on facilitator" signal.
D) sleeping.
E) team presentation.
E

15. There are two types of work assessed in concepts in GE 211; your quizzes and your written material and your work will be assessed as, except:
A) Exceeding Expectations.
B) No Credible Effort, or Not Submitted.
C) good.
D) Meeting Expectations.
E) Needing Improvement.
C

16. Learning to select the best answer to a question of a quiz in GE 211 enhances your ability to select the best solution to a problem. This is an aspect of the course objective of:
A) demonstrating a working knowledge of the role of the customer in defining quality.
B) developing and exhibiting self-regulation.
C) demonstrating the fundamentals of organizing and presenting technical work.
D) demonstrating the ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively.
E) developing and demonstrating the behaviors of effective problem solvers.
E

17. The possible way to get exceed in quizzes is to:
a) Submit journal if you answered 70 to < 80% correctly.
b) If you answered 90 or 100% correctly.
c) You answered > 80% correctly and submitted a journal that meet expectation.
d) Submit Quiz only.
e) b and c.
B

18. The grading system of GE 211 is very generous and lenient indeed. A true statement supporting and manifesting this fact is:
a) Plagiarizing your colleague's work is tolerated and even encouraged
b) A student can remove one defect in the concepts session
c) A student can remove one defect in the laboratory session
d) A single final grade of NCE is forgiven
e) Two identical grades of F in both sessions lead to a passing grade of D in the course
B

19. Which of the following is not true for late work?
a) Permitted for resubmission Lab work
b) Associated with issuing 1 laps
c) Permitted for Original Lab/concepts work
d) Lateness is one week from the original time
C

20. In the LAB session: If a student, finally, has one (1) final assessment of NS (No Submittal), two (2) final assessments of NI (Needs Improvement), and six (6) Self-Regulation Lapses, then the number of defects he accumulates in that session is:
a) 7 defects
b) 5 defects
c) 3 defects
d) 0 defects
B

21. A student accumulates three defects (before taking the defect removal) in concepts and four defects in Lab. Does he have a chance to pass the course?
a) Yes
b) No
B

22. The Final Exam for GE 211 is called:
a) The End
b) The Termination
c) The Festival
d) The Celebration
D

23. No re-submission is accepted for a work product in the LAB session after:
a) 24 hours of its due date
b) three days of its due date
c) one week of its due date
d) two weeks of its due date
C

24. Which of the following session-grade unordered-combinations lead to grade C+ in GE211;
a) {A, A}, {A, B}, or {B, B}
b) {A, C}, or {B, C}
c) {A, D}, {B, D}, or {C, C}
d) {C, C}, {D, B}, or {A, F}
D

25. A student did not attend the celebration, then:
a) Another celebration day must be arranged for him
b) The student fails the course
B (ملاحظة: هذا الخيار مستنتج بناءً على قواعد المادة، حيث أن عدم حضور الاحتفال يؤدي للرسوب)

26. In GE211; the impact of violating the attendance ratio (according to the college and/or the university policies) on the student is:
a) Has nothing to do as GE211 has its own grading system
b) He fails the course
c) He will be granted a total of 2.5 denials
d) None of the listed answers
B

27. Two (2) or more final assessments of NS (No Submittal) or NCE (No Credible Effort) result in:
a) 4 defects
b) 3 defects
c) 2 defects
d) 1 defect
B

28. If a student accumulates a total of exactly three defects in the two sessions put together (One possibility is: 1 defect in Concepts plus 2 defects in Laboratory), this means that the (unordered) set of his session grades is:
a) {A, C}, or {B, C}
b) {A, D}, {B, D}, or {C, C}
c) {C, D}, {F, B}, or {A, F}
d) {A, F}, {B, F}, {C, F}, or {D, D}
C

29. If you obtain a grade of A in GE 211, this means
a) you have zero defects in both sessions of the course
b) you have a grade of A in both sessions of the course
c) your Concepts grade is either B or A
d) a and b
e) a and c
C

30. If you are assigned a grade of NCE (No Credible Effort) repeatedly on the first and second submissions of a work product, then
a) your final grade for this work product is NI
b) your final grade for this work product is NCE
c) you are automatically expelled from the course...
d) you have only two more chances...
B

31. Select the possible final grade of GE211, If a student has a final total of exactly FIVE defects in the two sessions put together (one example is: 1 defect in Concepts plus 4 defects in Laboratory).
a) A, C or F
b) B, C or F
c) D+, D or F
C (ملاحظة: الإجابة الصحيحة هي D+ أو D حسب الجدول، في الصورة المرفقة كتب الطالب D+ بجانب الخيارات)

32. Which of the following is not applied for a Hospital/medical statement (or any out of class official activity)?
a) Only one chance is given to a student per semester.
b) The approval does not affect any other penalty associated with late submission...
c) The NS penalty is conserved and does not affected by the approval...
d) The approval removes the absence penalty (1 lapse).
e) The approval does not allow the student to get "E": in a specific quiz or work
C

33. A student was granted NCE in one of his PTW-checklist, which of the following is true
a) The student gets one defect
b) The student gets one lapse
c) This will be reflected in the original work-checklist
d) No such grade in PTW
B

34. A student obtains a final grade of F in GE 211 if he has
a) a grade of F in both sessions of the course
b) five or more defects in the Concepts session
c) five or more defects in the Laboratory session
d) any of the listed answers
D

35. If you are assigned a grade of M (Meet expectations) on the first submission of a work product, then you
a) are not allowed to improve this grade
b) can change this grade to an Exceed (E)
c) obtain a Self-Regulation Lapse
d) none of the above
A

36. If you obtain a final grade of B in GE 211 course, this means
a) you have zero defects in one session of the course, and one or two defects in the other
b) you have a grade of B in both sessions of the course
c) you have a grade of B in the concept session and a grade of C in the laboratory session
d) none of the above
C

37. The course FDM consists of ........ parts in which the fourth part represents the course ......., select the best fitted combination
a) Three, calendar
b) Four, calendar
c) Five, blue sheets
d) Three, signoff sheet
B (ملاحظة: الطالب في أحد النماذج اختار Four وتم تصحيحها صح، وفي نموذج آخر اختار Three وتم تصحيحها صح. الأرجح Four إذا احتسبنا التقويم كجزء)

38. The lapses having the most serious impact on your session grade are the lapses numbered
a) 4, 5.5, and 7.5
b) 1, 3, and 5.5
c) 1, 2, and 3
d) 1, 5.5, and 9
A

39. A student obtains NCE on the first submission of a work product, and M on the second submission. As a result, he accumulates
a) 0 lapses
b) 1 lapse
c) 2 lapses
d) 3 lapses
B

40. If you obtain a grade of B+ in GE 211, this means
a) you have zero defects in one session and one defect of the other
b) you have a grade of B in both sessions of the course
c) your Concepts grade is either C, B or A
d) all of the listed answers
D (أو C إذا كان السؤال يتطلب الشرط اللازم فقط)

41. Which of the following cases may end to a grade of D in GE 211;
a) the student’s combinations of grades is (A,F)
b) the student received F in both sessions of the course
c) the student fails in only one of the two course sessions
d) None of the listed answers
C

42. Each of the following is an explicit purpose for the Quizzes in GE 211, except
a) to accustom you to refrain from cheating since your instructor is always there to catch you
b) to encourage you to complete the assigned reading before class
c) to have you ready to solve the problem of the QU’s Air Conditioning Division
d) a and c
e) b and c
D
